unit 1 task 8 coming mr. green come on
sit down here I've had a letter from
your doctor and she tells me that you've
been having pain in your chest yes and
in my arm and also tingling in the
fingers and now when did you first
notice this pain
well I suppose about six months ago and
can you remember when it first came on
yes well I remember IARC
I got a bad pain in my chest when I was
shopping it was so bad I couldn't
breathe and where in which part of your
chest did you feel the baby well we're
right across my chest and how long did
it last
about 10 minutes and what did you do
when it happened well I just stopped and
wait for it to go away so have you had
this the pain again since then yes yeah
I often get it when I overdo things and
well I think at this stage I'd like to
examine you your chest so if you could
strip to your waist
fine I'll just check your pulse first of
all fine that's fine it's quite normal
70 per minute all right
now your blood pressure fine that's
quite normal to 130 over 80
oh I'm pleased to hear it now I'm going
to listen to your heart so I want you to
breathe normally hmm your heart sounds
quite normal well health that's a relief
well now I want you to take deep breaths
in and out while I check your lungs in
out in out fine
they're completely clear well mr. Greene
the pain you've been having
very much like the pain of what we call
angina and this well this occurs when
not enough oxygen is getting to the
heart now I'd like to check a few tests
and following that I'll be able to
advise some treatment for you
you